高分攻克单词

sour


summit

zoom  ： 疾行， 猛涨

vocal： 

messenger： 送信人

nail：名词 指甲
      动词  把……钉牢，固定，抓住， 抓住并证明有罪
      
      
flour： 面粉
        v  撒粉于； 把………………磨成粉；
       
       
       
       
wheat：  小麦，小麦色

grain：   谷物，粮食，

flap     拍打

courtesy：   礼貌，好意，恩惠
             adj 免费乘坐； 出于礼节；
             
 

obedience：  顺从，服从


conspiracy：  阴谋，

ornament：  装饰，美化

Synonyms:   decoration, ornamentation

An ornament is a decoration. You can also ornament something by making it more beautiful or festive.

The most common use of ornament is probably in Christmas ornaments, which decorate a tree. Similarly, any ornament makes something prettier, flashier, or more festive. When you ornament something, you're beautifying, embellishing, or adorning it. Women ornament themselves with makeup. Men ornament themselves with face paint at football games. People ornament their offices with pictures of their families. Different cultures have their own ways of ornamenting themselves and their homes. If something looks boring, why not ornament it?

如何记忆：  or + name +nt  重新冠名，美化自己


penalty   n 惩罚
A penalty is a punishment or consequence for doing something wrong, such as having to pay a fee for not bringing your library book back when it was due.

In hockey, players who break the rules have to sit in "the penalty box." Just like the penalty box punishes hockey players, all penalties are punishments for doing something wrong. Going to prison is the penalty for serious crimes. Detention is the penalty for misbehaving in school. Often, penalty applies to payments people have to make for breaking a financial contract of some kind.

Synonyms:
penalisation, penalization, punishment, sanction




colonial   殖民的，殖民地居民

The colonial period of United States history occurred before 1776, when America was still 13 colonies under British rule.

You can use the word colonial to describe an inhabitant of a colony ruled by another country, but you wouldn’t call a painter living in an artists' colony a colonial. On the other hand, ants, which live in ant colonies, are colonial insects. British colonial is a style of furniture the British favored for their houses and tents in India or on safari in Africa — when India and parts of Africa were British colonies.

pavement   人行道




pump：  泵


prescription 药方

A prescription is an order written by a doctor for someone to get a drug that is not available without this permission. If you get a bad ear infection, you'll need a prescription for antibiotics.

When your doctor writes a prescription, she's advising you to take a medication that you can only get from a pharmacist. You can refer to the paper with the drug's name and the doctor's signature and the bottle of medicine as a prescription. Sometimes prescription is used in a non-medical way to simply mean a suggestion or recommendation, like laughter and friends — a great prescription for chasing away the blues.

Synonyms:
ethical drug, prescription drug, prescription medicine


inequality

ethics

Synonyms:
ethical motive, morality, morals

tedious:
If something is tedious, it's boring. If you're anxious to get outside and enjoy the sun, even the best lecture will seem tedious.

Tedious is the adjective from tedium, which is both Latin and English for boredom. You ordinarily wouldn't use tedious for people, just things; you might say "His speeches are tedious," but usually not "He is tedious." Something that is tedious could also be called tiresome. Shakespeare's Friar Laurence says "I will be brief, for my short date of breath / Is not so long as is a tedious tale."

Synonyms:
boring, deadening, dull, ho-hum, irksome, slow, tiresome, wearisome


precaution 预防

A precaution is a careful action you make in advance. You might want to take the precaution of bringing lots of water and sunblock if you're going on a desert hike.

Precaution means exactly what it sounds like. The prefix pre- means before, and caution means carefulness in the face of danger. People use glasses when they're on a computer as a precaution because there are links to long hours on a computer and vision damage. A fire drill is a precaution so that you know what to do in case of a real fire. Someone who is always careful exhibits precaution.
Synonyms:
guard, safeguard

genuine   真是的，真正的

misery   痛苦

plaster  石灰，膏药，减轻

preside 担任，主持，管理

parcel  n 包裹

cliff：  悬崖

preceding：  在前的， 前述的，V： 在…………………… 之前

bride： 新娘

endurance： 忍受

contend：  主张，声称，认为， 竞争

pension   退休金， 抚恤金， 
A pension is a regular payment, usually from a company you worked for, that allows you to survive without working after you retire.

In used to be common for someone to spend their entire career at one company, and then retire at 65 and receive a pension: regular payments of enough money to live on in old age. Nowadays, not that many jobs offer pensions, and it's hard for companies that do to pay for them, which is why you're likely to hear this word when people are arguing about budget cuts. It's also a verb: if you pension your employee, you give them a pension. How nice of you!


allowance   津贴，补助，补贴

rebellion  叛乱，反抗，谋反

sovereign  君主，至高无上的

parliament  议会， 国会

fatigue   疲劳，劳累，厌倦，
 
Swimming and playing volleyball at the beach can make you tired and pleasantly wiped out, but long hours filling and emptying a wheelbarrow of dirt on a hot day brings fatigue, a far more draining kind of exhaustion.

There is a noticeable difference between tiredness and fatigue. You can read a magazine or book before bed and get tired after a while, but if you work on math problems on a computer for a long time, you'll feel fatigue in your eyes, and maybe your brain will start to hurt. The Latin fatīgāre means to "tire out," "to fill to excess or to bursting." Even thinking about the Latin for fatigue brings some mental fatigue.



Primary Meanings of
fatigue
1.
nv	
temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental work
2.
vn	
lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
3.
n	
labor of a nonmilitary kind done by soldiers (cleaning or digging or draining or so on)



disposal ： 处理，支配， 清理， 安排


sibling  兄弟姐妹

A sibling is your brother or sister. It's that simple.

The word sibling once meant anyone who is related to you, but now it's reserved for children of the same parent or parents. It is a word that was once out of use but then brought back into English in the early 1900s as a useful word in anthropology. If you and your brother fight all of the time, your parents might call it sibling rivalry. You might just call him annoying and run from the room.


vague

inevitable

composed

extend  to  适用于

aid

Aid is what you do when you help someone — you come to their aid. Rich countries provide economic aid to poor countries, and if you cut your hand, you'll be looking in the first aid kit for a Band-Aid.

You can also use aid as a verb: "The librarian will aid you in your search." English has some words with meanings related to aid, but they're spelled with an -e on the end, because they come from the French. A nurse's aide is someone who assists a nurse. An aide-de-camp is a close assistant and confidant to a military officer, a word often shortened to just aide, to refer to an assistant to a political official.

Synonyms:
assist, assistance, help

secure

dedicate

assuage 缓和
underlying  根本的， 潜在的

vulnerable  

Use the adjective vulnerable to describe something or someone open to being physically or emotionally wounded, like a newborn chick or an overly sensitive teenager.
Synonyms:
conquerable
subject to being conquered or overcome
unprotected
lacking protection or defense
dangerous, unsafe
involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm
insecure, unsafe
lacking in security or safety
susceptible
(often followed by `of' or `to') yielding readily to or capable of
assailable, open, undefendable, undefended
not defended or capable of being defended
compromising
vulnerable to danger especially of discredit or suspicion
defenceless, defenseless
lacking protection or support
endangered
(of flora or fauna) in imminent danger of extinction
indefensible
not able to be protected against attack
insecure, unsafe
not safe from attack
penetrable
capable of being penetrated
threatened
(of flora or fauna) likely in the near future to become endangered
under attack, under fire
subjected to enemy attack or censure
unguarded
lacking protection or a guard


A contentious issue is one that people are likely to argue about, and a contentious person is someone who likes to argue or fight.

Some issues — like abortion, the death penalty, and gun control — are very controversial. They're also contentious, because people tend to argue about them, and the arguments will probably go on forever. Contentious issues get people angry and in a fighting mood. On the other hand, some people always seem to be in a fighting mood, no matter what the issue is. People like that are contentious too.

Synonyms:
combative, disputatious, disputative, litigious
argumentative


deem

beacon

吹哨人

suspend

demise

levy

overrule

roll out
election campaign

hail ………………  as（称赞）
